tests: Test relevant prereleases and allow to ignore releases (#4073)
getsentry/sentry-python: scripts/populate_tox/README.md

         rule1: [package1, package2, ...],
         rule2: [package3, package4, ...],
     },

>      "python": version_specifier,
>      "ignore": version_specifier,

Reviewer: [question] I am somewhat confused by this change. The version specifiers for the `"python"` key refer to Python versions, correct? But, if I am understanding correctly, then the `"ignore"` version specifiers refer to versions of the package in question?

[suggestion] Assuming my understanding is correct in the question, and the two version specifiers refer to different things, I would suggest undoing the change to the `"python"`:

```suggestion
     "python": python_version_specifier,
     "ignore": version_specifier,
```

A clarifying line in the paragraph below could also help.

Author: Reverted and also changed the other `version_specifier` to `package_version_specifier`. There is also a whole new section about the key below so I think we have enough docs on this.

Reviewer: Thanks! I think this is significantly clearer

Python versions (because of, for example, broken context vars), the `python`
key can be used.

### `include`

> Sometimes there are versions of packages that we explicitly don't want to test.
> One example is Starlite, which has two alpha prereleases of version 2.0.0, but
> there will never will be a stable 2.0 release, since development on Starlite
> has stopped and Starlite 2.0 eventually became Litestar.
> 
> The value of the `include` key expects a version specifier defining which
> versions should be considered for testing.
> 
> ```python
> "starlite": {
>     "include": "!=2.0.0a1,!=2.0.0a2",
>     ...
> }
> ```

Reviewer: [suggestion] Following the change from `ignore` to `include`, I think this description should be updated. 

The first sentence, for example, is a bit confusing. If we are talking about something called `include`, I think we would want to mention that this option is for specifying which versions we want to test. We should also specify what happens if `include` is not specified at all (my guess is the default value would cause all versions to be included).

One potential way to improve this would be:

```suggestion
Sometimes we only want to consider testing some specific versions of packages.
For example, the Starlite package has two alpha prereleases of version 2.0.0, but
we do not want to test these, since Starlite 2.0 was renamed to Litestar.

The value of the `include` key expects a version specifier defining which
versions should be considered for testing. For example, since we only want to test
versions below 2.x in Starlite, we can use

```python
"starlite": {
    "include": "<2",
    ...
}
```

The `include` key can also be used to exclude a set of specific versions by using
`!=` version specifiers. For example, the Starlite restriction above could equivalently
be expressed like so:

```python
"starlite": {
    "include": "!=2.0.0a1,!=2.0.0a2",
    ...
}
```

```

Reviewer: (in my suggestion, I am assuming `"<2"` would also work, maybe verify this before accepting the suggestion)
